README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Revise README for Mokhito Landing Page project
Updated README to reflect project focus on Mokhito Landing Page with GSAP animations, added features and getting started instructions.

README.md, after:

# Mokhito Landing Page with GSAP Animation

This project is a tutorial for mastering JavaScript by building the **[Mokhito Landing Page](https://greensock.com/docs/v3/)** featuring engaging GSAP animations. The code is designed for educational purposes, helping you learn advanced animation techniques and modern web development with Next.js.

## Features

- **GSAP Animation:** Learn how to create smooth, interactive animations with GSAP.
- **Next.js:** Built with Next.js for a fast, scalable, and modern developer experience.
- **Tutorial Approach:** The code is structured to guide you step-by-step towards JavaScript mastery.

## Getting Started

To run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser to view the landing page.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. Changes will reload automatically.

## Learn More

- [GSAP Documentation](https://greensock.com/docs/v3/) - for animation techniques.
- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - for Next.js features and API.
- [JavaScript Mastery Resources](https://javascript.info/) - to deepen your JS knowledge.

## Deploy on Vercel

Deploy your Next.js app easily on the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new).

For deployment details, see the [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying).
